they're not there will not be an Islamic
Antichrist the book is in air for the
last 100 years seven organizations have
attempted to create the New World Order
we begin with the Illuminati then the
Builder Council of Foreign Relations the
Trilateral Commission the Club of Rome
then I've showed you do two weeks to go
to the ten it's already on the planning
boards and just recently the 27 nations
of the European Union signed the Lisbon
Treaty where in all 27 games their
sovereignty
they have nothing more to say as Nations
Inc until the world dictator Wow things
are happening in fest but they've
already divided the 27 nations into a
grouping of kin but they said that's
just the beginning
we're going to get the whole world into
this 247 Nations and it will become a
ten division world empire and Islam will
be part of it but they will not control
it now this is exciting
this what I'm about to tell you is proof
that the Lord Jesus is about to return
we're going home
what's that 2,000 years ago rabbi Hagin
said in the latter days there will arise
a gentle monarchy and it will divide him
to attend division world empire and that
will be the announcement of the coming
170 ad eighteen hundred and forty years
ago said when we have a ten division
world empire our Jesus will come and put
a stop to this world government it's a
ladies and gentlemen we're about to see
set up because of what just happened
with the Lisbon Treaty now why will it
not be Islamic because in Daniel chapter
2 Nebuchadnezzar had a dream and he saw
this image and he couldn't understand it
and so they looked around the land and
he found a little prophet named Daniel
Tyra will take over Greece the sixth
Empire and that's Daniel 9:26 in Romans
1 7 and then we have the final
government the New World Order whoa a
new world order a new world order is
right now then they're looking for a man
right now
they head up the New World Order and
they're sort of giving him a deified
affect they want a savior for the world
is that correct Chad said there shall be
false Christ's and false prophets
historically they have come and gone to
the exception of the true final day
leaders awaiting the imminent moment a
veteran underrated when they become the
dictator of the New World Order the
other day apostates head of a world
religion uniting all face Latins for
both movements are being laid now will
their seven-year term limit produce a
blessing or a tragedy for 6 billion 700
million global citizens
to global peace or World War three dr.
middleman MP will astonish you in their
one hour 45 minutes study as they deal
with the proposed and promote an
identities of the global despair and the
religious Christian de facto the world
leader who brought the peace and this
Bible says when the world occator comes
to power he comes in peaceably Daniel 11
21 he enters in peaceably Daniel 11 24
and he makes a peace contract for seven
years in Daniel 9 2011 21 he enters in
peaceably Daniel 11 24 and he makes a
peace contract for seven years in Daniel
9:25 them as travail upon a woman with
child and they shall not escape and you
know why sudden destruction comes
because we have a president who has
promised Jerusalem to the Arabs it's not
theirs it doesn't belong to them 930
times this book says Jerusalem belongs
to the Jew and I make no apologies for
saying it I don't want to be politically
correct I want to be scripturally right
it's the land and capital for the Jews
period and World War three starts over
history channel ran a series on this
subject and they said that Nostradamus
predicted World War three for
approximately around 2012 now we're not
going to take that date because he may
be wrong but we do know that it's very
near who's involved God Magog Meshech
tubal and rosh verses 1 and 2 all cities
in Russia at the present hour and we
find that Russia's the one that's going
to break the peace contract at the world
dictator set up in Revelation series of
battles it's a campaign lasting 42
months and first as I've already said
Russia makes the move
and all now this is exciting
this what I'm about to tell you is proof
that the Lord Jesus is about to return
we're going home
what's that mm but that's what it's all
about a one-world government I want to
repeat it
it's the final sign folks we're going
home you'd better quit saying yeah never
happened in my life England or Sarkozy
of France but Kissinger says we believe
as we create and prepare Obama that he
will be the one who heads up
the New World Order now we Christians
are going to be a gone that we're going
to be raptured evacuated before it
happens how can I prove that 2nd
Thessalonians 2 6 now I'm going to use
the word world dictator here so you
understand what I'm trying to say it
says for you know what withholds the
coming of the world dictator to power
for the mystery of iniquity has already
worked only he who now hinders the world
dictators power coming into fruition
will continue to hinder until he be
taken out of the way removed something
so that's the Holy Spirit yes and no the
Holy Spirit is the third member of the
Trinity eternally God and God is
omnipresent
he's always everywhere not one member of
the Trinity could ever be removed and
that's why Psalm 139 verse 7 is 1213 and
as a result he lives in us as believers
no you're not that your body is the
temple of God that the Holy Spirit the
Holy Ghost lives in you for scrimmage
316 at first Corinthians 6:19 so who is
taken the believers by the millions and
that's why we will not really know who
he is
because we're going to be gone when he
comes to power but we have a pretty good
idea as we put all the chips together
and I believe he's alive and waiting
and the wings you better believe it
you